There are different types of tree data structures. Some of them are

1. Binary Tree: This is the most basic basic from of tree structure. Where each node can have utmost two children. A perfect binary tree is a binary tree in which all interior nodes have two children and all leaves have the same depth or same level. A full binary tree (sometimes referred to as a proper[15] or plane binary tree) is a tree in which every node in the tree has either 0 or 2 children. In a complete binary tree every level, except possibly the last, is completely filled, and all nodes in the last level are as far left as possible. In the infinite complete binary tree, every node has two children.
2. Binary search tree: BST is a binary tree with certain properties such as , and left child of the given node contains value less than equal to the given node and right hand child contain node greater than the given node.
3. AVL tree or height balanced binary tree: It is a variation of the Binary tree where height difference between left and right sub tree can be at most 1. If at any time they differ by more than one, rebalancing is done to restore this property. Lookup, insertion, and deletion all take O(log n) time in both the average and worst cases, where n is the number of nodes in the tree prior to the operation.
4. Red-Black tree: Another variant of binary tree similar to AVL tree it is a self balancing binary search tree. In this tree nodes are either colored red or black.
5. Splay tree: A splay tree is a self-adjusting binary search tree with the additional property that recently accessed elements are quick to access again. All normal operations on a binary search tree are combined with one basic operation, called splaying. Splaying the tree for a certain element rearranges the tree so that the element is placed at the root of the tree.
6. N-ary tree: In this tree the limitation of the binary tree is removed. Here a node can have at most n children. Like binary tree it can be full,complete or perfect n-ary tree. N-ary is some time known as forest.
7. Trie Structure: In computer science, a trie, also called digital tree and sometimes radix tree or prefix tree (as they can be searched by prefixes), is an ordered tree data structure that is used to store a dynamic set or associative array where the keys are usually strings. All the descendants of a node have a common prefix of the string associated with that node, and the root is associated with the empty string.
8. Suffix tree: Trie and suffix tree are closely related. a suffix tree (also called PAT tree or, in an earlier form, position tree) is a compressed trie containing all the suffixes of the given text as their keys and positions in the text as their values. Suffix trees allow particularly fast implementations of many important string operations.
9. Huffman Tree: Huffman tree is a frequency sorted binary tree used widely in compressing data. Huffman tree is constructed to allocate a short code word to a long text based on its frequency of occurrences.
10. Heap Structure [Edit as suggested]: Heap  structure is another widely used tree structure with a specific ordering property.  There are two types of heap  - Min heap and Max heap. In a min heap the parent of a node must be smaller than the values of all its children.  Similarly in max heap the parent always have greater value compared to all its children. One common implementation of heap is Binary heap where each parent can have at most two children.
Other popular tree structure includes but not exhaustively B-Tree, B+- tree , R-Tree, Counted-B Tree, K-D tree ( or K- dimensional BST) , Decision tree ( a variant of n-ary tree) , Markel tree, Fenwick tree ( or binary index tree) , Range Tree.

reference
